readme.md, before:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/zyx-0314/">
  <!-- TODO: If you want to add logo or banner you can add it here -->
    <img src="./assets/img/nyebe_white.png" alt="Nyebe" width="130" height="100">
  </a>
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">Title</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  Short Description. (Optional)
</div>

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=zyx-0314/WD-Template-Project)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rule,-practices-and-principles">Rules, Practices and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

<!-- TODO: To be changed -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
Description of the project in details.

Guiding Question:
- What is the project
- Whats the purpose
- What are key components
- What technology used and how it is used

### Key Components
<!-- TODO: List of Key Components -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
- MultiPage Website/Single Page Website
- Parallax transition
- Transactional

### Technology
<!-- TODO: List of Technology Used -->
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

## Rules, Practices and Principles
1. Always use `WD-` in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use `index.html` as the filename.
3. Place Files in their respective folders.
4. All file naming are in camel case.
   - Camel case is naming format where there is no white space in separation of each words, the first word is in all lower case while the succeding words first letter are in upper followed by lower cased letters.
   - ex.: buttonAnimatedStyle.css
5. Use only `External CSS`.
6. Renaming of Pages folder names are a must, and relates to what it is doing or data it holding.
7. File Structure to follow below.

```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Sample Title | Sample purpose would be here like this and this is the example of what it is. | trykolang.com |

Commit message:

<refactor>[Finished my website ]: <I renamed the 2 folders as Feature 1 and 2 and added my html and css codes>

readme.md, after:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/NathanGison/WD-SeatWork4-GisonReuel-TC04">
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">SeatWork4</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  Featuring 2 pages with 2 feature pages as the design
</div>

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=NathanGison/WD-SeatWork4-GisonReuel-TC04)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rule,-practices-and-principles">Rules, Practices and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview
Description of the project in details.
The purpose of this Project is to display feature pages of my chosen website and display the css and html with it the key factors for this website are 2 website that I picked and make a feature pages out of it
Guiding Question:
- What is the project
- Whats the purpose
- What are key components
- What technology used and how it is used

### Key Components
- MultiPage Website
### Technology

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

## Rules, Practices and Principles
1. Always use `WD-` in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use `index.html` as the filename.
3. Place Files in their respective folders.
4. All file naming are in camel case.
   - Camel case is naming format where there is no white space in separation of each words, the first word is in all lower case while the succeding words first letter are in upper followed by lower cased letters.
   - ex.: buttonAnimatedStyle.css
5. Use only `External CSS`.
6. Renaming of Pages folder names are a must, and relates to what it is doing or data it holding.
7. File Structure to follow below.

```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Feature Page Netflix | I used this website as my guide or template to make the feature page 2| https://www.netflix.com/ph-en/?gad_source=1&gclid=CjwKCAjwnK60BhA9EiwAmpHZwyRifQrIlxMTzkPZr_S5TLtefjN7HI4bNfxTyBngIBEgGjgIKQze6BoCNpQQAvD_BwE|

|Logo website/images|I used this website for my logos/images to put in my designs|https://www.stickpng.com/|

|Feature Page cdbaby |I used this website as my guide or template to make the feature page 1|https://cdbaby.com/|
